This is just a small repo for my collection of custom compose sequences, which has a much higher coverage than what I found to be the default on my Linux computer. The `sequences.txt` file should contain compose sequences for all Latin letter variants in Unicode (ą, Ł, ğ, ṝ, etc), all IPA characters (ʊ, ɬ, ʔ, etc, including rare and obsolete letters), almost all combining diacritics, superscripts, subscripts, smallcaps, all regular Greek letters, some common mathematical symbols, some common punctuation marks, and some other symbols I thought were useful. I have tried to make the compose sequences as short and mnemonic as possible.

There is also `edit.py` which is just a Python script I used for editing this set of sequences more easily than by hand. It works with a simplified format, editing files like `data.txt` and compiling that to real compose files like `sequences.txt`. It is also useful for avoiding collisions (if one sequence is identical to or a prefix of another, one of them will not be accessible).

I did not really intend for any of this to be used by others, but if you want to, go ahead! If you can read Python, `edit.py` should be easy enough to understand by looking at the code. Though I should note that the format it works with uses some ideosyncratic escape conventions: all sequences are assumed to start with the compose key, but `@@` is an additional press of the compose key, `@s` is a space, and `@<` is an at sign. All other Ascii characters represent themselves.

I started working on a nicely organized cheat sheet for these sequences a long time ago, but right now it's very outdated.